Excuse me, does the road salesperson work here?
You are um, my name is Shen Yi
Thanks to you for your rescue at the Black Bag Building
It's you, nice to meet you
Um, are you free to chat alone?
Okay, it will be idle.
Why are there always beautiful women looking for him?
Look, you will definitely be dumped in two days
Is the road salesperson there?
What are you doing looking for a road pin?
Wife looking for husband
What else do you say?
You are his wife
Nonsense road salesman just left with a woman
Damn it, he was one step ahead of him again
Another beautiful woman
Or Lu Xiao's wife
We can't envy it.
This Lu Xiao is really playing
You see, Gao Ruonan didn't come to find him once
I got tired of playing with one kick and kicked it
Have you seen Lu Xiao today?
You let a woman take your road salesman away
Then another woman came to him
Oh.
Thanks.
Thank you. This is your home
You helped me once when I was in trouble.
Now.
I'll help you instead.
It's okay, I'm not short of money.
If Mr. Lu wants
I would like to accompany you